in 14 Mustang GT premium get the gotta
have it green gray rims Louisville have
to burn those on their four piston
calipers 5.0 producing 420 horsepower
got the premium package with the leather
with the white stitching on the seats
awesome it's very clean-looking in there
for 2014 straighten it all out and down
the back it's got the louver it's got
the appearance package so it's got the
louvers on the windows let's get the
little skimpy on the side spoiler on the
back guys post is just a lip spoiler and
stripes on the top are called
over-the-top stripes so they're black
have so much fun in a Mustang GT but
sure I'm glad I bought this car makes me
happy sleep better at night on down this
side here it's got this dual mirror so
you can actually see when you're pulling
out my neighbor always said oh don't
bother one of those you can't see out of
you know I can see just fine let's get
to know how to drive a little bit so
it's greater I'll start it up
cold out there
I'm kind of hard to do it just one hand
but we shall try cold air induction
the valve covers retired that forward on
them
target cease up 32-valve it's a 302 it's
only 24 horsepower less than the boss
but then of course the boss has that
track key and all kinds of different
components going on
so our er gotta happen 3 2014 Mustang GT
premium catch y'all later